c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\TesteRestful.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\TesteRestful.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\pt-br\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\pt-br\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\bin\pt-br\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\obj\Debug\TesteRestful.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\obj\Debug\TesteRestful.pdb
C:\Users\usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TesteRestful\TesteRestful\obj\Debug\TesteRestful.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
